He broadcast a message that the station had just received.
Three o'clock this afternoon. I am Dongfeng Lu.
A serious bus explosion occurred.
One horse was injured in the accident.
The specific casualties and causes of the incident are under investigation.
In other words, there may be nails in the car that are bombs.
This is the last time
Then everyone will die
I have to find a way to get everyone off the bus
Why don't you go and sit down?
Wife, this bus city is about to explode.
We need to get off the bus quickly
What did you say
These two buses are three o'clock long and will explode on time.
Sit down quickly
Be careful if people say you are spreading rumors. Call the police and arrest you.
everyone listen to me
This bus city is about to explode
We need to get off the bus quickly
what i said is true
Are so many people going to die together?
You obviously know panic
How many years have we been running around town?
Nothing ever happened
I said, is there something wrong with your brain?
You said you are used to not bandaging
What kind of medicine is there?
Just open your mouth and come
Can't scare anyone
Sorry, everyone
Husband Wen was fine last night.
Let’s figure it out
Sit tight in your seat
I want to influence everyone
Okay, I'll come here first and let him take a seat.
Wife, don’t you believe me too?
This city is about to explode
we all have to die
You study the beast zone every day
Do the math, make a car pinch
Now that I hear the speed, I verbally
Have you forgotten why we divorced?
Let's get a divorce, okay
You have studied mathematics for ten years
I keep telling myself
You have literature and knowledge
I'm lucky to be able to like me
That's why I became successful
But now you can't succeed
I've already packed my luggage. It scares me.
I'll take Xiaoxue back to my house
We will complete the procedures next week
You bought this house before you got married
you believe me
What should I do this time?
Everything can't be done
Cold wedding, come out
I've done everything
What happened next
I own everything second hand